Give it to me as meeting minutes:  these are the notes I got from the meeting: job validity code rating : (desirability of the job ). So tradies get directly called to enter the info. 3 is a pririoty. Similar to uber, based on the on distance and $$$$$. Plumber calls in house gets. It needs to override bookings.  Would it need to send reminders for numping down bookings. Two types of enquriies, quoting and booking. Most are quotes. quote 1hr + travel into his schedule. once quoted you can add a job booking. estimated hours, job allowed and for material delivery. could be minimum two weeks for some. Number of tradies required and workers.  it can be done or left out. A good second option, it might send an invoice, it CCs yourself. Planned out, it can give work from. Through a text message via text message. It should be implicit. Also have reminder messages. If it's rescheduled, it can send the next two possible options for bookings. If the tradie if next for the three weeks, the app gives the option the next available option. Since the homeowner needs to be home. Code 9 = emergency. Paul Mammarella pmamm75@gmail.com

13:57 (23 minutes ago)

to Gaurav, rsha0071, zguu0023, me, chir0002, ybai0049, Harry, Himanshu, Mary, Pooneh
Hi guys, see a copy of our concept in point form for today’s discussion.
Thanks

TRADIE SCHEDULER 2

-Primary Functions

-Auto schedule works to a calendar

-send comms to customer

-invoice generation and sending

-app needs tyo be compatible with all phones, tablets and computors

How it works

Tradie receives a inquiry

Data gets entered into the app by tradie/reception

Name
Address
Phone number
Email
Enters a job validity code rating 1,2 or 3. This is apriority rating. Code 9.
Must have either phone or email before it allows next step
App Creates contact to device

When the info is entered, we will need two buttons for option of; Quote or job booking

Quote will automatically schedule 1 hour on site and calculate travel to address using maps.
When job booking is selected, fields will need to be entered:

-estimated hours for job

-call up time to allow materials delivery

-Location

-number of tradies required for job

-select worker

App will auto calculate the next two most suitable date and time for these bookings and send to customer as options. It will consider location. If customer rejects first two options, then it will send a calendar with future available dates.

Once time selected by the client the app will schedule to the calendar and send the customer a confirmation of booking via text.

Once job quoted and accepted the tradie changes the function in the app from quote to job booking.

We will need an emergency call out over ride function. Should an emergency arise the app will bump all booking.

The app needs to keep a record of jobs completed including, dates